Add content guidance for green arrow CTA (#4583)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: docs/content.md

)%>
```

### Green arrow link (CTA) component

You can use the green arrow link (call to action) component to create a more prominent hyperlink call to action. You can use the component:

* when it's the next logical step on users' journeys
* more than once on a page

> The component should not:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The component should not be used:
```

> * be used on every page, if there isn't a suitable use for it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* on every page, if there is not a suitable use for it
```

* to direct to pages that are not useful for most people e.g. veterans, SKITT
* to direct to external sites like UCAS or Teach First

It takes the following parameters and both should be specified:

* link_text
* link_target

```yaml
---
cta_arrow_link:
  events:
    link_target: "/events/about-get-into-teaching-events"
    link_text: "Find a Get Into Teaching event"
---

# My page

> $arrowtime$

Author: ```suggestion
$events$
```

```

> Alternatively, if you need to insert a mailing lists component in an erb file, you can call it like this:

Reviewer: Should this be mailing lists here? Or green arrow?

> Alternatively, if you need to insert a mailing lists component in an erb file, you can call it like this:

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, if you need to insert a green arrow component in an erb file, you can call it like this:
```

)%>
```

### Green arrow link (CTA) component

You can use the green arrow link (call to action) component to create a more prominent hyperlink call to action. You can use the component:

* when it's the next logical step on users' journeys
* more than once on a page

The component should not:

* be used on every page, if there isn't a suitable use for it
* to direct to pages that are not useful for most people e.g. veterans, SKITT
* to direct to external sites like UCAS or Teach First

It takes the following parameters and both should be specified:

* link_text
* link_target

```yaml
---
cta_arrow_link:

>   arrowtime:

Reviewer 2: I would call this something more self explanatory that demonstrates this is only a placeholder value and can take any name the user wishes

>   arrowtime:

Author: ```suggestion
  events:
```

    link_target: "https://google.com"

>     link_text: "Hello world"cta_mailinglist:

Reviewer 2: Remove `cta_mailinglist:`, seems to have been truncated from the following section

>     link_text: "Hello world"cta_mailinglist:

Author: ```suggestion
    link_text: "Hello world"
```

>     link_target: "https://google.com"
>     link_text: "Hello world"cta_mailinglist:

Author: ```suggestion
    link_target: "/events/about-get-into-teaching-events"
    link_text: "Find a Get Into Teaching event"
```

---

# My page

$arrowtime$

```
Alternatively, if you need to insert a mailing lists component in an erb file, you can call it like this:

```yaml

> <%= render "content/shared/links_and_buttons/cta_circle_button_link", href: @link_target = "/events/about-get-into-teaching-events", cta_link_text: @link_text = "Get Into Teaching event" %>

Reviewer 2: This should be removed as the partial version has been deprecated in favour of the component. The correct code would be:

```
 <%= render CallsToAction::ArrowLinkComponent.new(link_target: "/events/about-get-into-teaching-event", link_text: "Get Into Teaching event") %>
 ```

> <%= render "content/shared/links_and_buttons/cta_circle_button_link", href: @link_target = "/events/about-get-into-teaching-events", cta_link_text: @link_text = "Get Into Teaching event" %>

Author: ```suggestion
 <%= render CallsToAction::ArrowLinkComponent.new(link_target: "/events/about-get-into-teaching-event", link_text: "Get Into Teaching event") %>
```
